Doc types templates (#3127)
astronomer/docs: README.md

## Contribute

See [CONTRIBUTING.MD](https://github.com/astronomer/docs/blob/main/contributing.md) for guidance on how to contribute to Astronomer documentation.

> You can also review the [Doc templates](https://github.com/astronomer/docs/blob/main/doc-templates) to see our standards for how to structure the content you want to contribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do you have an idea for a new doc to contribute, but don't know where to start? Review the [Doc templates](https://github.com/astronomer/docs/blob/main/doc-templates) to see our standards for how to structure the content you want to contribute.
```
